CEXT-6421: update checkout starter kit docs for the 4-app split (#578)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/shipping-install.md

<Fragment src="/_includes/checkout-configuration.md" />

The `shipping-method` app sets up Commerce for you automatically as part of installation, using an [App Management custom installation step](../../app-management/installation/customize.md#custom-installation-steps).

### Install

> Installing the app creates two demo shipping carriers you can use right away to try out out-of-process shipping rates, using the `/V1/oope_shipping_carrier` REST endpoint: **DPS** (Demo Postal Service) and **Fedex**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the app creates two demo shipping carriers:  **DPS** (Demo Postal Service) and **Fedex**. You can use the `/V1/oope_shipping_carrier` REST endpoint to test out-of-process shipping rates.
```

### Uninstall

> Uninstalling the app disables these carriers via the same endpoint, so they immediately stop appearing as shipping options at checkout. If you install the app again later, the same carriers are turned back on instead of being created again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstalling the app disables these carriers using the same endpoint, so they immediately stop appearing as shipping options at checkout. If you re-install the app later, the same carriers are turned back on instead of being created again.
```
